Hahaha, hurry up and pack it.
Hahahaha
Ah, how's it going?
It just recorded me
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you, I'll go first
Grandpa
The cause of the incident was because Xiao Ming insulted Fang Chen
Let him drill his crotch
That's why Fang Chen stumbled and kicked him
You shut up
This time, Xiaoming almost lost it.
I'm still counting on his traditional Jin Dynasty
It's not you.
Old man, my woman can't beat anyone
Not even his grandfather
Grandpa, you can't fight me even more
Besides, you don't have to be so angry
I have a measure under my feet
Xiao Ming can't be wasted
Stop arguing
Wife is fine, why are you beating yourself?
I said don't call me wife